https://codepen.io/blayze-s/pen/bGdaPdo?editors=1100

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
      HTML that gives meaning to our content such as nav, section, footer, h1-h6, etc...
    
    2. What is HTML used for? 
      To create a document for display on the web.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
      Attributes are keywords used to control an elements behavior. They are placed inside the opening tag of an element.


    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
      The h1 tag is the most important heading on the page and should only be used once.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
      'img' and 'a' tags. 

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
      Metadata; the page's title, styles, scripts etc...

    7. What is an id?
      An id is an attribute with a unique name that can only be used once.

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
      Any element.

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
      Only once.

    10. What is a class? 
      A class is an attribute with a unique name that can be used on multiple elements for shared styling.

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
      Any element.

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
      Any number of times.

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
      with the attribute "target" set to "_blank" like so, "<a href="website.com" target="_blank">link</a>

    14. What is the alt attribute used for?
      It is used to describe in text an image when it cannot be rendered and for screen readers.
    15. How do I reference an id?
      #id

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
      A section element gives meaning to the content in between it's opening and closing tag. In contrast, a div gives zero meaning.

    17. What is CSS used for?
      To style an html page 

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
      elementName { styles }

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
      A class can be reused on different elements any number of times but each Id can only be used once.  
    A class should be used if you have multiple elements with the same styles. An Id should be used when you need to link an anchor tag to a specific section on your webpage or 
    when you have an element that needs specific styles which will only be used once. 

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
      .className

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
      p.human

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
      The parent child selector is written as 'parent>child'. It selects elements with a specific parent. elements that are not direct 
    children of the parent element are not selected. One situation this selector could be useful in is if you wanted to select li tags 
    in an unordered list, while ignoring the grandchildren li tags in any embedded lists within the children li tags.

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
      div a.sidebar

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
      A pseudo selector selects an element when that element is in a certain selector. For example 'a:hover' selects an anchor tag that is being hovered by the mouse.

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
      line-height.

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
      letter-spacing.

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
      text-transform

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
      border: dotted 1px black;

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
      * { }

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
      /* comment here */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
      pwd

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
      ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
      "rm fileName". you should be careful when using the 'rm' command, because you will not 
    get a confirmation prompt, and you cannot restore the file afterwords.

    34. Why should I use version control?
       Version control allows multiple people to work on the same codebase at the same time, thus making collaboration easier. Version control also allows you to 
    revert to an older version of the codebase if something is breaks.

    35. How often should I commit to github?
      Whenever a big change/addition is made or when a specific task has been completed. Also every 20 minutes is a good rule of thumb.

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?
      Git push

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.
      1. Fork the project repo.
      2. Add TL as a collaborator by clicking settings > collaborators > and searching for their username, full name, or email.
      3. Copy the HTTPS link from the 'Clone or download' button inside your forked repo.
      4. Use the cd command inside CLI to go to the target directory to clone the repo in.
      5. Use 'git clone <repo-link>' to clone the repo inside of the directly you are currently in.
      6. cd into the cloned repo.
      7. Use 'git checkout -b firstname-lastname' to create a branch.
      8. Use 'git add .' to add all changes for committing.
      9. Use 'git commit -m "Detailed message about the commit"' to commit the changes added.
      10. Use 'git push -u origin branch-name' to push the branch onto GitHub.
      11. Submit a pull request insuring to change the base repo option from the original repo to the forked repo.
      12. Add the TL as a reviewer for the pull request. Either during the submittion process, or after.

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 



   --> 